DEPLOYMENT_CHECKLIST.md, before:

# Server-Side Compression - Deployment Checklist

## Pre-Deployment (30 minutes)

- [ ] **Read Documentation**
  - [ ] QUICK_START.md (5 min)
  - [ ] COMPRESSION_SETUP.md (10 min)
  - [ ] INTEGRATION_GUIDE.md (10 min)

- [ ] **Verify Files Created**
  - [ ] `/api/compress-upload.js` exists
  - [ ] `/mcu-management/js/services/serverCompressionService.js` exists
  - [ ] Documentation files exist

## Installation (5 minutes)

```bash
cd /Users/mulyanto/Desktop/MCU-APP/api
npm install
```

- [ ] Dependencies installed successfully
- [ ] No errors in npm install

## Local Testing (10 minutes)

- [ ] Test API locally with sample file
- [ ] Verify compression working
- [ ] Check Supabase upload

## Deployment to Vercel (5 minutes)

```bash
vercel deploy
```

- [ ] Vercel deployment successful
- [ ] No build errors
- [ ] Environment variables set

## Frontend Integration (15 minutes)

Choose ONE option from INTEGRATION_GUIDE.md:
- [ ] Option A: Replace uploadBatchFiles
- [ ] Option B: Update FileUploadWidget  
- [ ] Option C: Hybrid approach

- [ ] Code updated
- [ ] No syntax errors
- [ ] Tested locally

## Testing (15 minutes)

- [ ] Single file upload works
- [ ] Multiple files upload works
- [ ] Compression ratios shown correctly
- [ ] Files appear in Supabase
- [ ] Error handling works
- [ ] Progress tracking works

## Verification (10 minutes)

- [ ] Files in Supabase Storage
- [ ] Records in mcufiles table
- [ ] Compression ratios as expected
  - PDF: 50-70% reduction
  - PNG: 60-80% reduction
  - JPG: 20-40% reduction

## Go Live (5 minutes)

- [ ] Commit changes to main
- [ ] Vercel auto-deploys
- [ ] Monitor logs for 1 hour
- [ ] Notify team

## Success Metrics

- ✅ Upload speed: 3-5 seconds per file
- ✅ Compression: 50-80% reduction  
- ✅ Storage savings: 50-70% less
- ✅ Error rate: <1%
- ✅ No support tickets

## Documentation Available

- QUICK_START.md
- COMPRESSION_SETUP.md
- INTEGRATION_GUIDE.md

---

**Total Time**: 1-1.5 hours

**Estimated Savings**: 50-70% storage reduction

✅ Ready to deploy!

Commit message:

docs: Update deployment checklist with Vercel web dashboard instructions

DEPLOYMENT_CHECKLIST.md, after:

# Server-Side Compression - Deployment Checklist

## Pre-Deployment (30 minutes)

- [ ] **Read Documentation**
  - [ ] QUICK_START.md (5 min)
  - [ ] COMPRESSION_SETUP.md (10 min)
  - [ ] INTEGRATION_GUIDE.md (10 min)

- [ ] **Verify Files Created**
  - [ ] `/api/compress-upload.js` exists
  - [ ] `/mcu-management/js/services/serverCompressionService.js` exists
  - [ ] Documentation files exist

## Installation (5 minutes)

```bash
cd /Users/mulyanto/Desktop/MCU-APP/api
npm install
```

- [ ] Dependencies installed successfully
- [ ] No errors in npm install

## Local Testing (10 minutes)

- [ ] Test API locally with sample file
- [ ] Verify compression working
- [ ] Check Supabase upload

## Deployment to Vercel (5 minutes)

**Option 1: Web Dashboard (Recommended)**
1. Go to https://vercel.com and sign in
2. Click "Add New Project"
3. Select your GitHub repository (MCU-APP)
4. Click "Deploy"
5. Vercel will auto-deploy on every push

**Option 2: CLI with Token**
```bash
VERCEL_TOKEN=your_token npx vercel deploy --prod
```
(Get token from https://vercel.com/account/tokens)

**Checklist**:
- [ ] Vercel deployment successful
- [ ] No build errors
- [ ] Environment variables set (SUPABASE_URL, SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY)
- [ ] API endpoint accessible at https://your-domain.vercel.app/api/compress-upload

## Frontend Integration (15 minutes)

Choose ONE option from INTEGRATION_GUIDE.md:
- [ ] Option A: Replace uploadBatchFiles
- [ ] Option B: Update FileUploadWidget  
- [ ] Option C: Hybrid approach

- [ ] Code updated
- [ ] No syntax errors
- [ ] Tested locally

## Testing (15 minutes)

- [ ] Single file upload works
- [ ] Multiple files upload works
- [ ] Compression ratios shown correctly
- [ ] Files appear in Supabase
- [ ] Error handling works
- [ ] Progress tracking works

## Verification (10 minutes)

- [ ] Files in Supabase Storage
- [ ] Records in mcufiles table
- [ ] Compression ratios as expected
  - PDF: 50-70% reduction
  - PNG: 60-80% reduction
  - JPG: 20-40% reduction

## Go Live (5 minutes)

- [ ] Commit changes to main
- [ ] Vercel auto-deploys
- [ ] Monitor logs for 1 hour
- [ ] Notify team

## Success Metrics

- ✅ Upload speed: 3-5 seconds per file
- ✅ Compression: 50-80% reduction  
- ✅ Storage savings: 50-70% less
- ✅ Error rate: <1%
- ✅ No support tickets

## Documentation Available

- QUICK_START.md
- COMPRESSION_SETUP.md
- INTEGRATION_GUIDE.md

---

**Total Time**: 1-1.5 hours

**Estimated Savings**: 50-70% storage reduction

✅ Ready to deploy!
